[Edit] Css: margins (#6637)
Codecademy/docs: content/css/concepts/margins/margins.md

---
Title: 'Margins'
Description: 'Creates space around an element, separating it from neighboring elements.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Design'
  - 'Web Development'
Tags:
  - 'Box Model'
  - 'CSS'
  - 'Margin'
  - 'Positioning'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-css'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> **Margins** in CSS are used to create space around an element, separating it from neighboring elements and the edges of the webpage. They control the layout by adjusting the distance between elements, providing better organization and readability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Margins in CSS create space around elements, separating them from others and the webpage edges. They help organize layout and improve readability.
```
